---
layout: post
title: "BetZer0"
date: 2024-12-13 18:06:00 +0000
categories:
  - projects
tags:
  - Kotlin
  - App development 
---


This project was also a bit scary for me, but this time I felt more excitement than fear due to working in a group. I am normally someone who loves talking and getting to know people, I also love to learn from people no matter if it is life advice or something related to my course! I believe no matter what position we are in we always have something to learn from someone. Having a group of four was fun! More collaboration, more people to talk to and get to know and befriend!

Initially, getting together and discussing the app, it was very enjoyable and easy-going. We had a very good idea from one of our team mates on helping stop gambling addicition (although it seemed like he was a gambler himself so that was ironic haha!). I enjoyed the idea, it was humourous but also at the same time, looked into helping a real life issue. 

I began to plan out the wireframe, and only halfway done realized that everyone else in othergroups were doing it on Figma whilst I was hand-drawing my wireframes on my Dell XPS13 2-in-1 🥇. I felt a bit old-fashioned then, but my team mates did not mind at all!

Beginning development, it began to get difficult as 3/4 (everyone except me) was taking another course, that took a huge chunk out of their mind and time. It was known to be quite a difficult course, heavy on group-work and coding. So, the workload started to become off-balanced with most of the members focusing on that particular course. I did start to feel quite stressed at this point, feeling my fear of group projects coming to life, however, as someone who enjoys communicating and displaying leadership, I attempted to start the communication chain as much as possible to get involved in our project and designate tasks. 

Towards the end of the development was also the end of the other courses development, so many of our team members were focusing on the other rather than this. It was understandable because the other course was worth more credits for their degree but also, considering we were not near finishing it was beginning to get quite stressful. I did my best to manage my stress by doing what I could to with the time we had left - even if that meant taking a all nighter to finish up. Frustrations did arise due to features that were working started to not work - only until, one of the group members told us he managed to get an extension for the development of the app (is this a blessing or a curse?). And so - we spent the weekend finishing up the app!
